What was it? Where was it? What was in it? Bonfire.
My outfit, first two years I was there, was one of
the stacking units. Only one time do I ever
remember going out to the cutting fields to do any
cutting of trees. But they'd bring them in to where
the bonfire was stacked. They'd bring them into
the bonfire area. And our outfit was one of about
three or so that was responsible for lifting the
logs up and putting them on the stack. And it was
right there just south of Duncan Hall. And I look
now at how they do all that, take a whole year to do
it, and we do it on about two weekends, it seems
like. And it was huge, huge. The bonfire was much
taller, I think. I'm not sure, it's probably
bigger around in circumference now, but ours went
up a lot taller, I believe. And I developed such a,
resistance to it from freshman and sophomore
years that your junior and senior year you didn't
have to work on it. I didn't. But it was an
experience. Let's see. Do you have any nostalgic
memory of when you got your senior ring? Was that a
special? Yeah. As I remember, I qualified for mine
maybe a little bit early. But I qualified for it
when I was a junior. But I didn't want to wear it
because I was afraid seniors would get on me. But
that was the one thing that I really wanted to have.
In fact, I can still remember, I think, getting my
senior ring was more important to me than getting
senior boots in the Corps. Did you or any of your
buddies celebrate in any way when you got your
ring? No, they have that tradition now where they
go dunk their ring or something like that and drink
a pitcher of beer. No, I don't. That wasn't done in
your era? No. Oh, okay. At least, if it was, I
certainly didn't know that. Because one of our
children was telling me about that, and they've
heard stories of people trying to to drink and
almost swallow the ring. I bet that's right. No, I
think the way they do it now is they dunk the ring and
then you have to drink the pitcher of beer and get it
out. No, there wasn't anything like that. Senior
boots, did you have new ones? I had new ones. Made at
Hollick's. What did they cost, do you remember?
I don't. I remember I saved up money and bought
them. Did you keep them or pass? No, I've kept them.
I've kept them. And I don't really have any, I
didn't have any intentions. Some people wanted to
make lamps and all that stuff. I probably still got
them at home somewhere. Let's see. Okay, we're
getting close to the end.
What are the... ingredients, what makes up, what
contributes to Aggie spirit?
That's a hard one to understand. You know, it's a
funny thing.
I think that what made A&M unique
initially was
was the isolation, the shared bad experiences.
And out of that came some good things.
And I think that that bred a camaraderie
that Maybe it's not being recreated today the same
way, but it created these traditions. But now the
traditions are honored because they're
traditions, but back then it was just the way of
life. It was the way things were done. And I think
that's what it was. I think the groups back in the
30s and 40s, it was deprivation. Most of those guys
didn't have any money. And they went to A&M to get
skills so they could make a living. By the time I was
there, it had become more of an academic place.
And even the students who were civilian students
came there. It was still isolated. It wasn't that
they had it totally easy. It wasn't nearly like it
is now. They came there and were away from
everything. And I really think that there was a
closer bond between civilian students and people
in the Corps than people might imagine that there
was. But I think that's what it was, a sense of when
people look back, I knew that A&M had changed when I
used to hear people with kids who were at A&M tell
me, oh, they're down there, they love it. Because I
can remember my freshman year, I never would have
used the words I love it to describe it. What
qualities does an Aggie have?
You know, I alluded earlier to the belief that one
of the benefits of the Corps was the leveling
factor. That it made you successful based on what
you were and not what you had. And I think there's
always been, in a sense, that aspect of A&M. That it
valued people for merit and for accomplishment.
regardless of bank account or color of their skin
or anything like that. I would like to think that it
would still be that way, but I think it's probably
changed some because of the size and
everything. It's a very, well, anybody who thinks
they can define the Aggie spirit, it's so elusive
because you can't duplicate it. If you try to
duplicate it, then you say, well, tell us what's
important. And we'll go, hey, you can't make it.
It's caused by a lot of people who've cared about
that place and put that back into the school. And
when people talk about, when people talk now in
society about giving back, you won't find any
better example of people giving back than what has
been given back to that school by former students.
And I hope that the students now have a sense, some
sense of that. Alright, this is the last question
that has some, what did it mean to you that you
attended A&M? How did it affect your life? What
feelings do you have in your heart for A&M now? What
did it mean to you that you went to A&M and said
somewhere else?
That's a hard question for me to answer because I
don't have anything to compare it with. So in a
sense, you can't say, well, it changed my life this
way. I know that it was good in that, first of all, it
gave me... a group of people with good reputations
to attach my name to. And then when I was out of
school, it gave me some roots, an identity. I could
identify with it. Because even if I didn't
identify with A&M, everybody else identifies you
with A&M. And then it gave me people, when I came
back to this town, it gave me people who have
commonality of shared experiences, even at
different times. And a lot of my best friends
around here went to India, and we maintained some
of those loyalties. So it's been extremely
helpful to me in providing that continuous
identity. continuous contact with people that I
was in school with. And in that sense, that's the
main thing, I think. I'm not sure I've expressed it
very well. What feelings do you have in your heart
for A&M today?
Well, if you ask my family, they'd probably say
that it's more important to me than my family, but
it's not. I just want to see it continue to thrive
and prosper and do well and become better in every
respect. A lot of my friends want to see the Corps
continue. That's fine. I want to see it do well in
everything it does academically, athletically,
reputation, bringing in the best students. I want
to see it be excellent in every regard. So that's
just, I don't know if that expresses it very well.
Is there anything we haven't talked about that we
should have? I don't know. I feel like I'm drained.
I had thought about a lot of this stuff. What you're
telling me then, there's not something about,
well, hey, I was just waiting for him to get to this,
that, or the other. I don't think so. I've tried to
ask you similar questions that I have to anyone
else. So let's quit with that.